{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18520\viewh11400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 About You & Your Current SKILLS - (Points:\'a0 2%):
\b0 \cf0 \
About You & Your Current SKILLS - (Points: 2%):\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 1. What is the best way for your classmates & instructor to contact you? What days or time-frame?
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li719\fi2
\cf0 Email: hernandez.angelica77@gmail.com\
IM: NenaH77@aol.com\
Time: Anytime \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 2. What's your story (who are you)? What's your passion? What makes you spark in a big way?
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li718\fi-2\sa240
\cf0 Who am I \'85well, I am a mother and wife. I have a masters degree in Marketing but decided to get into Web Designing because I didn\'92t find myself passionate with Marketing anymore. Don\'92t get me wrong, I really enjoyed it but I always found myself missing something. Waaaay back in high school, I loved creating and designing things but never decided to get into a field using my creativity because I was never talented enough for drawing or things of that nature (fyi...computers were changing out of DOS mode so computer designing wasn't even a thought). I decided \'91what the heck\'92 when I finally got fed up with the empty promises my company was giving me. I was suppose to work in the marketing department but\'a0 never got the opportunity to advance due to unexpected changes in path corporate decided to take. Now that I am a FullSail student I really enjoy what I\'92m learning. I do find myself freaking out and thinking 'what the heck did I get myself into' but I know most of it is being intimidated by some of the programs I\'92m learning but I\'92m hoping that will one day change and I can laugh about it in the future.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 3. What do you want to do when you graduate with your WDD degree?
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li727\fi-32
\cf0 The dream is to first start with a company but then work for myself before I turn 40. \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 4. What was your biggest challenge in your last programming class?
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li706\fi-18
\cf0 The last 2 weeks of DBS were killer. I thought I was going to cry I was so lost. \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 5. Do you have previous programming experience (before Full Sail)? What's your editor of choice?
\b0 \
	No, no programming experience prior to Full Sail. This is all new and very intimidating. Editor of choice is WebStorm\

\b 6. Have you setup your MAMP Web Server yet? If not, do you understand how?
\b0 \
	Yes, it was setup in PWA2 and more setup was done in DBS. \

\b 7. How much time in/out of class do you plan to dedicate to this course, for this month?
\b0 \
	As much time as it takes until I understand what I\'92m learning 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b\fs28 \cf0 8.\'a0 Next reply to at least one other classmates post.\'a0 Thanks for your input!
\b0 \
}