{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15540\viewh13240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs36 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Explain 
\b why
\b0  its necessary for Web Developers & Programmers to also be good problem solvers?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Developers are the first to sometimes deal with visions that no one else has thought of. Since there\'92s no textbook for first time visions, developers need to have the ability to imagine the impossible and dissect ways on how to make the impossible possible. Its like anyone who creates an inventions, they may fail 1000 times before it becomes successful but in that they\'92ve learned 1000 ways in not what to do.  \
 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	2.	}In your OWN WORDS, explain how you plan to use the 
\b "A-D-D-I-O" Web Development Process
\b0  to become a better Web Developer.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}The one weakness I have is asking for help. I think with my line of field in the past, I\'92ve learned not to rely on others but also through experience in life I know one bad experience doesn\'92t mean you should never ask for help or trust anyone again. So with that said I do plan to try and figure things out on my own because lets face it its how one tends to really learn from there mistakes but if I continue being unsuccessful then I need to learn and get advice from others who are waaay better at this then I am and perhaps they can help me see something from a different perspective. As far as the Designing phase, I will communicate with the client to see what we\'92re envisioning is on track with each other and then execute it. \
  \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	3.	}Share the 
\b software tool 
\b0 that will you use to complete your flowchart diagrams for the first two (2) Homework Assignments in Week #1?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}I have a 14 day free trail with OmniGraffle so I\'92d like to learn how to use the software but after that I will probably use MS Word or MS Powerpoint since I already have those programs. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0   4.	NEXT, respond to at least one (1) other student's opinion on problem solving & critical thinking.\'a0 Thanks for your input!
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1396\fi-467
\ls2\ilvl1
\f1 \cf0 \uc0\u8259 
\f0  	I get the impression that the majority of students are pretty familiar with these programs. In your posts you all sound very confident and I really admire that about each of you. I hope one day I can laugh about how a program once intimidated me and sound as knowledgeable as most of you. Question# 1 has my stomach in knots right now. The idea of trying to solve a problem in a program I am not familiar with has me wondering how the heck I\'92m going to get through this class\
}