{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue11;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 STEP #6: DISCUSS Problem Solving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs28 \cf0 Discussion in ***** IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENTS *****\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}29\uc0\u8232 OCT\u8232 \
{\listtext	\'95	}\uc0\u8232 STATUS\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://course.fso.fullsail.edu/class_sections/20479/discussions/357537#overview"}}{\fldrslt \ul Overview}}\cf0 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://course.fso.fullsail.edu/class_sections/20479/discussions/357537#downloads"}}{\fldrslt \ul Downloads}}\cf0 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://course.fso.fullsail.edu/class_sections/20479/discussions/357537#posts"}}{\fldrslt \ul Posts}}\cf0 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://course.fso.fullsail.edu/class_sections/20479/discussions/357537#comments"}}{\fldrslt \ul Comments}}\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf0 Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298
\cf0 \cb3 STEP #6: \'a0\cb4 Critical Thinking & Problem Solving Skills\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \'a0\
\
\
This list of activities covers a wide gamut of problem solving and critical thinking. These will be vital tools for not only this class but the remainder of the degree program and in your career as a web developer.\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa332

\b\fs20 \cf0 Objectives & Outcomes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Successful completion of this activity will show that you can:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Value how critical thinking & problem-solving is essential to web development and design.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Understand General Problem Solving Steps\
{\listtext	\'95	}Discuss & recall the 5 Phases of Problem Solving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa332

\b\fs20 \cf0 Level of Effort\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 This activity should take approximately 140m to complete. It will require:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}70m Research\
{\listtext	\'95	}0m Prep & Delivery\
{\listtext	\'95	}20m Work\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 If you find that this activity takes you significantly less or more time than this estimate, please contact me for guidance.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa332

\fs20 \cf0 Reading & Resources (Problem Solving)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYJp8WPnCzY&list=PLhRlE5h84yWZPETci9WqQjVQUXstrVjhq"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 SCREEN CAST: Critical Thinking & Problem Solving}}: \ul (REQUIRED & necessary\ulnone ) Approx. Duration: 45m\
This video covers the critical thinking & problem solving skills, as well as the web development process & flowcharting tools you will use to complete your future homework assignments.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWsyrnOBsJs"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Video: Is Programming the NEXT Super Power?}} (helpful) Approx. Duration:\'a0 9m\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCuUWGmatpU"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Video: So You Want to Be A Developer? Part 1}} (helpful & necesssary) Approx. Duration: 4m\
Why is problem solving important to web designers and particularly, web developers and programmers? Extra Credits podcasters and Stack Exchange team up to explain why, and what makes a *good* developer. This video covers the importance of collaborating, problem solving and exploration as essential skills for development.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqFcF_jRrx0"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Video: So You Want to Be a Developer? Part 2}} (helpful & necessary) Approx. Duration: 6m\
Why is problem solving important to web designers and particularly, web developers? Extra Credit's podcasters and Stack Exchange team up to explain why, and what makes a *good* developer. This segment talk about the importance of business skills like communication and teamwork for collective problem solving. They'll also discuss the importance of math, estimation and user interface design.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b \cf0 USEFUL PROBLEM SOLVING TOOLS:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}\ul Writing Pseudocode\ulnone : \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.lynda.com/Developer-Programming-Foundations-tutorials/Writing-pseudocode/83603/90472-4.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.lynda.com/Developer-Programming-Foundations-tutorials/Writing-pseudocode/83603/90472-4.html}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\ul Basic Flowchart Symbols\ulnone : \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhCcMYLHR_U"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhCcMYLHR_U}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\ul Using Google to Draw Flowcharts\ulnone :\'a0\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.lynda.com/Google-Apps-tutorials/Creating-flowchart/124557/140091-4.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.lynda.com/Google-Apps-tutorials/Creating-flowchart/124557/140091-4.html}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\ul Using MS PowerPoint to Draw Flowcharts\ulnone : \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-HlZDqJ59U"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-HlZDqJ59U}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\ul Using MS Word to Draw Flowcharts\ulnone : \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cve1JN2rxb4"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cve1JN2rxb4}}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\ul Omnigraffle Flowchart 30-Day Trial\ulnone :\'a0\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.omnigroup.com/omnigraffle"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.omnigroup.com/omnigraffle}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa332

\b\fs20 \cf0 Instructions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Go through the "Reading & Resources" activity links for Problem Solving listed above.\'a0 Then, complete the three (3) follow-up questions listed below by Wednesday of Week #1.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa332

\b\fs20 \cf0 Deliverables\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 DISCUSS "PROBLEM SOLVING"
\b0 \cb1 \
Hi Class!\'a0 Welcome to Week #1 :-)\'a0 After you have reviewed the "Critical Thinking & Problem Solving" SCREEN CAST for STEP #6, please answer the following questions (----with at least 50-75 words):\'a0\'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Explain 
\b why
\b0  its necessary for Web Developers & Programmers to also be good problem solvers?\
{\listtext	2.	}In your OWN WORDS, explain how you plan to use the 
\b "A-D-D-I-O" Web Development Process
\b0  to become a better Web Developer.\
{\listtext	3.	}Share the 
\b software tool 
\b0 that will you use to complete your flowchart diagrams for the first two (2) Homework Assignments in Week #1?\
{\listtext	4.	}NEXT, respond to at least one (1) other student's opinion on problem solving & critical thinking.\'a0 Thanks for your input!\
}